README.md, before:

# ambit
C++ library for the implementation of tensor product calculations through a clean, concise user interface.

Build status: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jturney/ambit.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jturney/ambit)

Primary test environments
=========================

Continuous integration builds
-----------------------------

- Ubuntu 12.04 LTS 64-bit with Python 2.7.3, CMake 3.3.2 and Boost 1.55.0
  this is the environment offered by [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org) pulling
  in various PPA. The following compilers are used, both in release and debug:

  1. GCC 4.7
  2. GCC 4.8
  3. GCC 4.9
  4. GCC 5.1, with and without coverage analysis in debug mode
  5. Clang 3.5 and GFortran 4.6
  6. Clang 3.6 and GFortran 4.6
  7. Clang 3.7 and GFortran 4.6
  8. Clang 3.8 and GFortran 4.6

- Mac OS X 10.9.5 with Python 2.7.10, CMake 3.2.3 and Boost 1.58.0
  this is the environment offered by [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org)
  The following compilers are used, both in release and debug:

  1. XCode 6.4 with Clang and GFortran 5.2
  2. XCode 6.4 with GCC 5.2
  3. XCode 7.0 with Clang and GFortran 5.2
  4. XCode 7.0 with GCC 5.2

Nightly builds
--------------

Commit message:

Temporarily removes gcc5 osx in Travis.
With gcc5 need Boost with C++11 support. Will add this back laster.

README.md, after:

# ambit
C++ library for the implementation of tensor product calculations through a clean, concise user interface.

Build status: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jturney/ambit.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jturney/ambit)

Primary test environments
=========================

Continuous integration builds
-----------------------------

- Ubuntu 12.04 LTS 64-bit with Python 2.7.3, CMake 3.3.2 and Boost 1.55.0
  this is the environment offered by [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org) pulling
  in various PPA. The following compilers are used, both in release and debug:

  1. GCC 4.7
  2. GCC 4.8
  3. GCC 4.9
  4. GCC 5.1, with and without coverage analysis in debug mode
  5. Clang 3.5 and GFortran 4.6
  6. Clang 3.6 and GFortran 4.6
  7. Clang 3.7 and GFortran 4.6
  8. Clang 3.8 and GFortran 4.6

- Mac OS X 10.9.5 with Python 2.7.10, CMake 3.2.3 and Boost 1.58.0
  this is the environment offered by [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org)
  The following compilers are used, both in release and debug:

  1. XCode 6.4 with Clang and GFortran 5.2
  2. XCode 6.4 with GCC 5.2 (not tested: need Boost C++11 support)
  3. XCode 7.0 with Clang and GFortran 5.2
  4. XCode 7.0 with GCC 5.2 (not tested: need Boost C++11 support)

Nightly builds
--------------
